Clarify how permissions and roles interact (#1529)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/details/managing-policies/index.md

- Built-in policies cannot be modified or removed, but they can be added to or removed from roles.
- Each policy can be configured with an effect to either **ALLOW** or **DENY** the specified permissions and the conditions set for the policy.

<div role="alert">
  <div class="docs-cta__info_title">Contradicting Policy Effects</div>
  <div  class="docs-cta__info_message">
    <p>

>       When a Role is assigned 2 Policies with contradicting effects, **DENY** will take precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      When a Role is assigned more than one policy with contradicting effects, **DENY** will take precedence.
```
